---
title: Kevin Decherf
---

I am a system engineer and developer living in France. Computers are my passion
since high school when I started developing websites on my spare time.
Following the exploration of new languages like _C#_ I joined the Microsoft's
community as a student partner for few years. I truly discovered the Linux
world at the same time and sharing the two worlds was an interesting
experiment. I eventually focused on the latter as a trainer and full-time
system engineer. The use of a wide range of languages and technologies is my
everyday challenge, so are production and monitoring topics in general.

Knoppix, Mandrake, Gentoo and others remind me funny memories of the old time
but now I contribute to [Exherbo](http://exherbo.org), a great and fresh
source-based distribution. I've co-founded [Clever
Cloud](https://www.clever-cloud.com), a french awesome cloud platform, where I
was the former production manager. You can checkout my profile on
[GitHub](https://github.com/Kdecherf) and
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kdecherf).

My spare time lets me enjoy my other passions like photography, books and
Japanese culture to name a few. I share photos on
[Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/kdecherf), thoughts on this [blog]({{<
ref "/blog" >}}), notes and links on the
[fediverse](https://n.kdecherf.com/users/kdecherf), and sometimes anecdotes
about sysadmin on [*Le Kdecherf]({{< ref "/le-kdecherf" >}}).

You can reach me by email at _kevin @ kdecherf.com_ —and don't hesitate to use
my GPG key `0x108ABD75A81E6E2F` (_which can be found
[here](https://kdecherf.com/misc/kdecherf.asc)_) if you need privacy— or on
[Matrix](https://matrix.to/#/@kdecherf:matrix.org).
